README.md, before:

# AI Image Generator

A modern React + TypeScript + Vite application for generating images using Cloudflare Workers AI.

## Environment Setup

Before running the application, you need to set up your environment variables:

1. Copy the example environment file:

   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

2. Get your Cloudflare credentials:

   - **Account ID**: Found in the right sidebar of any page in your Cloudflare dashboard
   - **API Token**: Go to "My Profile" > "API Tokens" > "Create Token" with AI permissions

3. Update the `.env` file with your actual credentials:

   ```env
   VITE_CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID=your_actual_account_id
   VITE_CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN=your_actual_api_token
   ```

4. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Production Deployment

For production deployment with maximum security:

1. **Build the application**:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

2. **Start the secure production server**:

   ```bash
   npm run serve
   ```

3. **Environment Setup**:

   - Set `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` on your server
   - These credentials will be completely hidden from browser inspection
   - The frontend will automatically use the secure backend proxy

4. **Verify Security**:
   - Open browser dev tools → Network tab
   - Generate an image and inspect the requests
   - You should only see requests to `/api/*` endpoints (no Cloudflare credentials visible)

## Security Features

🔒 **Secure API Communication**:

- API credentials are stored server-side only and never exposed to the browser
- All Cloudflare API calls go through a secure backend proxy
- Frontend cannot access sensitive credentials even through browser dev tools

🛡️ **Environment Security**:

- Server-side credentials (`CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`, `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`) are never sent to the browser
- Client-side credentials (`VITE_*`) are only used for development fallback
- Production builds completely hide API keys from network inspection

📋 **Security Best Practices**:

- Never commit your `.env` file to version control
- The `.env` file is already included in `.gitignore`
- Environment variables are validated at runtime
- Use the `checkEnvironmentSetup()` function to verify your configuration

## Development

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type-aware lint rules:

```js
export default tseslint.config({
  extends: [
    // Remove ...tseslint.configs.recommended and replace with this
    ...tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked,
    // Alternatively, use this for stricter rules
    ...tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked,
    // Optionally, add this for stylistic rules
    ...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked,
  ],
  languageOptions: {
    // other options...
    parserOptions: {
      project: ["./tsconfig.node.json", "./tsconfig.app.json"],
      tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
    },
  },
});
```

You can also install [eslint-plugin-react-x](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) and [eslint-plugin-react-dom](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) for React-specific lint rules:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import reactX from "eslint-plugin-react-x";
import reactDom from "eslint-plugin-react-dom";

export default tseslint.config({
  plugins: {
    // Add the react-x and react-dom plugins
    "react-x": reactX,
    "react-dom": reactDom,
  },
  rules: {
    // other rules...
    // Enable its recommended typescript rules
    ...reactX.configs["recommended-typescript"].rules,
    ...reactDom.configs.recommended.rules,
  },
});
```

Commit message:

Add GitHub Pages deployment support
Introduces GitHub Actions workflow, environment example, and deployment documentation for GitHub Pages. Updates Vite config, scripts, and Cloudflare API service to support static deployment and direct API calls when running on GitHub Pages. Adds SPA redirect scripts to index.html and 404.html for proper routing.

README.md, after:

# AI Image Generator

A modern React + TypeScript + Vite application for generating images using Cloudflare Workers AI.

## Environment Setup

Before running the application, you need to set up your environment variables:

1. Copy the example environment file:

   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

2. Get your Cloudflare credentials:

   - **Account ID**: Found in the right sidebar of any page in your Cloudflare dashboard
   - **API Token**: Go to "My Profile" > "API Tokens" > "Create Token" with AI permissions

3. Update the `.env` file with your actual credentials:

   ```env
   VITE_CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID=your_actual_account_id
   VITE_CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN=your_actual_api_token
   ```

4. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Deployment

This application can be deployed to GitHub Pages with automatic deployment via GitHub Actions.

### Quick Deployment to GitHub Pages

1. **Create a GitHub repository** and push your code
2. **Enable GitHub Pages** in repository settings (Source: GitHub Actions)
3. **Add repository secrets** for your Cloudflare credentials:
   - `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`
   - `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`
4. **Push to main branch** - automatic deployment will start

For detailed deployment instructions, see [DEPLOYMENT.md](./DEPLOYMENT.md).

### Build Commands

```bash
# Build for production
npm run build

# Build for GitHub Pages
npm run build:github-pages

# Preview GitHub Pages build locally
npm run preview:github-pages
```

## Production Deployment

For production deployment with maximum security:

1. **Build the application**:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

2. **Start the secure production server**:

   ```bash
   npm run serve
   ```

3. **Environment Setup**:

   - Set `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` on your server
   - These credentials will be completely hidden from browser inspection
   - The frontend will automatically use the secure backend proxy

4. **Verify Security**:
   - Open browser dev tools → Network tab
   - Generate an image and inspect the requests
   - You should only see requests to `/api/*` endpoints (no Cloudflare credentials visible)

## Security Features

🔒 **Secure API Communication**:

- API credentials are stored server-side only and never exposed to the browser
- All Cloudflare API calls go through a secure backend proxy
- Frontend cannot access sensitive credentials even through browser dev tools

🛡️ **Environment Security**:

- Server-side credentials (`CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`, `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`) are never sent to the browser
- Client-side credentials (`VITE_*`) are only used for development fallback
- Production builds completely hide API keys from network inspection

📋 **Security Best Practices**:

- Never commit your `.env` file to version control
- The `.env` file is already included in `.gitignore`
- Environment variables are validated at runtime
- Use the `checkEnvironmentSetup()` function to verify your configuration

## Development

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type-aware lint rules:

```js
export default tseslint.config({
  extends: [
    // Remove ...tseslint.configs.recommended and replace with this
    ...tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked,
    // Alternatively, use this for stricter rules
    ...tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked,
    // Optionally, add this for stylistic rules
    ...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked,
  ],
  languageOptions: {
    // other options...
    parserOptions: {
      project: ["./tsconfig.node.json", "./tsconfig.app.json"],
      tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
    },
  },
});
```

You can also install [eslint-plugin-react-x](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) and [eslint-plugin-react-dom](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) for React-specific lint rules:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import reactX from "eslint-plugin-react-x";
import reactDom from "eslint-plugin-react-dom";

export default tseslint.config({
  plugins: {
    // Add the react-x and react-dom plugins
    "react-x": reactX,
    "react-dom": reactDom,
  },
  rules: {
    // other rules...
    // Enable its recommended typescript rules
    ...reactX.configs["recommended-typescript"].rules,
    ...reactDom.configs.recommended.rules,
  },
});
```
